hello everybody this george ponder for
WP central.com gato yo a video review
today this go-around we're taking a look
at the otterbox defender it's for the
Lumia 900 steps a little belt clip hard
plastic and get little recesses where
the case fits down into and then it
snaps into place got a nice little
swivel very loud swivel belt clip holds
everything in place nicely the case
itself it's two-part construction let me
see if I can't get this thing apart it
is tough at times
you got your rubber gasket nice thick
rubber got the extensions that will
activate your buttons then you have a
hardshell inner case that has the clear
plastic cover got little arrows to tell
you where to take this thing apart if i
can get it apart they're going to have
it you've got a little bit of padding
inside you got cut outs from your camera
all you got to do is get you Lumia 900
slap it in there snap everything into
place as you can see the buttons are
exposed here but those extensions on the
rubber shell will touch them and
activate them rather nicely then you
just wrap that rubber outer case around
it takes a little trying get it all nice
and snug and lined up just right there
you have it otterbox defender for the
Lumia 900 buttons buttons work nice
you've got the little clear plastic
sheet doesn't really hinder anything as
far as access to your screen nice and
responsive buttons work fine
now size-wise it does add a lot of bulk
to the 900 I mean here's the Titan too
it adds a lot of thickness to the phone
that says permit I'd say the way it is
larger I mean there's the Titan two on
top so yeah a little bit larger and then
again it just snaps into the case your
camera lights exposed chrome is covered
you've got little rubber flaps that
cover the USB port as well as the
headphone jack your speaker's exposed
but it's recessed so I mean it's going
to take a good effort for anything to
press against that or the camera it is
the otterbox defender is running forty
four dollars and ninety-five cents it's
available over to the Windows Phone
central accessory store and we'll have
all the store links in the post